docs/features.md, before:

# Features

GatherPress includes a growing list of features to help communities organize and manage events.

## Current Features

- **Event scheduling**: Set dates, times, and detailed event information.
- **Attendee registration**: Let users RSVP to events.
- **Guest support**: Allow attendees to include additional guests.
- **Anonymous RSVPs**: Optionally list attendees as anonymous (only visible to admins).
- **Email notifications**: Send emails to all members, event attendees, non-attendees, or those on the waitlist.
- **Online and in-person events**: Add venues with maps or online meeting links.
- **Mapping**: Supports OpenStreetMap (via Leaflet) and Google Maps.
- **Multiple event management**: Handle multiple upcoming or past events simultaneously.
- **Multisite-ready**: Centralized plugin support for networks, while allowing each site its own settings.
- **Block editor compatible**: Create and customize events using WordPress blocks.
- **Internationalized**: Fully translatable and ready for global use.
- **Layout flexibility**: Add or remove blocks as needed, or include synced patterns for reusable content across events.

## In Development

See the [roadmap](./roadmap.md) for upcoming features and enhancements.

Commit message:

Update docs to include open rsvp to features.md.

docs/features.md, after:

# Features

GatherPress includes a growing list of features to help communities organize and manage events.

## Current Features

- **Event scheduling**: Set dates, times, and detailed event information.
- **Attendee registration**: Let users RSVP to events.
- **Open RSVP support**: Allow non-logged-in users to RSVP to events.
- **Guest support**: Allow attendees to include additional guests.
- **Anonymous RSVPs**: Optionally list attendees as anonymous (only visible to admins).
- **Email notifications**: Send emails to all members, event attendees, non-attendees, or those on the waitlist.
- **Online and in-person events**: Add venues with maps or online meeting links.
- **Mapping**: Supports OpenStreetMap (via Leaflet) and Google Maps.
- **Multiple event management**: Handle multiple upcoming or past events simultaneously.
- **Multisite-ready**: Centralized plugin support for networks, while allowing each site its own settings.
- **Block editor compatible**: Create and customize events using WordPress blocks.
- **Internationalized**: Fully translatable and ready for global use.
- **Layout flexibility**: Add or remove blocks as needed, or include synced patterns for reusable content across events.

## In Development

See the [roadmap](./roadmap.md) for upcoming features and enhancements.
